content/projects/datasette-dashboards.md, before:

# Datasette Dashboards

[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rclement/datasette-dashboards)](https://github.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards "Stars")
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/rclement/datasette-dashboards.svg)](https://github.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards/releases/latest "Version")
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rclement/datasette-dashboards)](https://github.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards/blob/master/LICENSE "License")

Datasette plugin providing data dashboards from metadata.

[:fontawesome-brands-github: Project on GitHub][repository]

[:fontawesome-solid-globe: Live Demo][demo]

![Datasette Dashboards Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards/master/demo/datasette-dashboards-demo.png)

## Pitch

I like Datasette but there is no built-in dashboard feature.

I like Metabase but it is heavy to deploy and users/dashboards/charts cannot be
defined from a static configuration.

Let's bringing beautiful Business Intelligence dashboards to Datasette!

## Technology

- [x] Python
- [x] SQLite
- [x] Datasette
- [x] Vega-Lite

[repository]: https://github.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards "GitHub Repository"
[demo]: https://datasette-dashboards-demo.vercel.app "Live Demo"

Commit message:

Add accolades section in datasette-dashboards project

content/projects/datasette-dashboards.md, after:

# Datasette Dashboards

[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rclement/datasette-dashboards)](https://github.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards "Stars")
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/rclement/datasette-dashboards.svg)](https://github.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards/releases/latest "Version")
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rclement/datasette-dashboards)](https://github.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards/blob/master/LICENSE "License")

Datasette plugin providing data dashboards from metadata.

[:fontawesome-brands-github: Project on GitHub][repository]

[:fontawesome-solid-globe: Live Demo][demo]

![Datasette Dashboards Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards/master/demo/datasette-dashboards-demo.png)

## Pitch

I like Datasette but there is no built-in dashboard feature.

I like Metabase but it is heavy to deploy and users/dashboards/charts cannot be
defined from a static configuration.

Let's bringing beautiful Business Intelligence dashboards to Datasette!

## Technology

- [x] Python
- [x] SQLite
- [x] Datasette
- [x] Vega-Lite

## Accolades

!!! quote
    Romain Clement’s datasette-dashboards plugin lets you configure dashboards for Datasette using YAML, combining markdown blocks, Vega graphs and single number metrics using a layout powered by CSS grids. This is a beautiful piece of software design, with a very compelling live demo.

    -- <cite>Simon Willison - Creator of Datasette ([source](https://simonwillison.net/2022/Apr/7/datasette-dashboards/))</cite>

[repository]: https://github.com/rclement/datasette-dashboards "GitHub Repository"
[demo]: https://datasette-dashboards-demo.vercel.app "Live Demo"
